%verson of 07-06-09


\chapter*{Capsule Biography of the Author}
%\addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Capsule Biography of the Author}


\begin{figure}[htb]
\centerline{\epsfig{figure=rsnbrg160367.eps,height=5truecm}}
\end{figure}

\noindent
{\bf Arnold L. Rosenberg} received an A.B.~in mathematics from Harvard
College in 1962, and an A.M.~and Ph.D.~in applied mathematics from
Harvard University, in 1963 and 1966, respectively.

Rosenberg is a Research Professor at Colorado State University.  He
held the rank of Distinguished University Professor of Computer
Science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst (now emeritus)
until his retirement on December 31, 2007.  Prior to joining UMass in
1986, Rosenberg was a Professor of Computer Science at Duke University
from 1981 to 1986, and a Research Staff Member at the IBM Watson
Research Center from 1965 to 1981.  He has held visiting positions at
Yale University and the University of Toronto; he was a Lady Davis
Visiting Professor at the Technion (Israel Institute of Technology)
and a Fulbright Research Scholar at the University of Paris-South.

Rosenberg's research focuses on developing algorithmic models and
techniques to deal with the new modalities of ``collaborative
computing.''  Special recent foci have been scheduling complex
computations for Internet-based computing, and novel approaches to
coordinating cooperating robots.  He is the (co)author of more than
160 technical papers on these and other topics in theoretical computer
science and discrete mathematics, in addition to one excursion into
linguistics with ``The Hardest Natural Languages'' ({\it Linguisticae
Investigationes III} (1979) 323--339).  He is the coauthor, with
Prof.~Lenwood S.~Heath (Virginia Tech), of the book, {\it Graph
Separators, with Applications}, and has served as coeditor of several
books.

Dr.~Rosenberg is a Fellow of the {\em Association for Computing
  Machinery} (ACM), a Fellow of the {\em Institute for Electrical and
  Electronic Engineers} (IEEE), and a Golden Core member of the IEEE
Computer Society.  In addition to his Fulbright and Lady Davis
Fellowships, Rosenberg won several awards at UMass: the Faculty
Fellowship Award, the Outstanding Teaching Award of the College of
Natural Sciences and Mathematics, and the Outstanding Research Award
of the College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics.

Rosenberg served as editor-in-chief of {\it Theory of Computing
  Systems} (formerly, {\it Mathematical Systems Theory}) for 12 years;
he continues to serve on the editorial boards of {\it TOCS} and other
journals.  He has chaired the program committees of all of the major
conferences in his field: the {\it ACM Symposium on Theory of
  Computing (STOC)}, the {\it IEEE Symposium on Foundations of
  Computer Science (FOCS)}, the {\it ACM Symposium on Parallelism in
  Algorithms and Architectures (SPAA)}, and the {\it IEEE
  International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium (IPDPS)}.
He continues to serve on the steering committees of several major
conferences and workshops.

Information on Dr.~Rosenberg's publications and other activities can
be found at \\
\verb,http://www.cs.umass.edu/~rsnbrg/,.



%\end{document}
