{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26340\viewh14980\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Fred Annexstein\
Bill Aiello\
Jean-Claude Bermond\
Tom Cormen\
Pierre Fraigniaud\
Phil Gibbons\
Lenny Heath\
Charles Leiserson\
Friedhelm Meyer auf der Heide\
Benjamin Moseley\
Cindy Phillips\
Nick Pippenger\
Patrice Quinton\
Sergio Rigsbaum\
Rizos Sakelariou\
Christian Scheideler\
Alan Selman\
Paul Spirakis\
Eli Upfal\
Fredo Vivien\
Guochuan Zhang\
\
\
Other names (in case)\
Anne Benoit - whole book, special emphasis on Combinatorics/proba chap. 11 plus appendix\
David Bunde - DoingMaths\
Angan Mitra - chap 3 and 4\
Erik Saule - DoingMaths and appendix\
\
\
\
\
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%\
\
People contacted:\
Ramesh Sitaraman the 9th January, chap. 2 and 11\
Raphael Bleuse, sent the 10th January, chap. 2, 6 and 7 and chapters 8 and 10 sent the 12th feb\
Daniel Cordeiro, sent the 10th January, chap 2, 5 and 6\
Christoph Durr, sent the 24th January chap 5 and 6\
Thang Nguyen, sent feb.12, chap. 4, 8 and 10\
Malin Rau, sent feb.12, chap. 12 and 13\
Fanny Dufoss\'e9, sent feb. 15, chap. 11\
Fabrizio Luccio, sent feb. 25, chap. 9\
Geppino Pucci, sent feb. 25, chap. 8\
Abhinav Srivastav, sent feb. 27, chap. 3, 5 and 7\
Cl\'e9ment Mommessin, sent feb. 27 chap. 6 and 9\
Giorgio Lucarelli, sent feb. 27 chap 12 and 13 plus two appendix on graphs\
Martina Barnas, sent the 8th march, chap 9\
Peter Rodgers, sent the 8th march, chap 3\
Jean-Marc Vincent, sent the 28th march, chap. 2 and 11\
\
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%\
\
Done:\
Raphael Bleuse, chap. 2, 6 and 7\
Daniel Cordeiro, chap 2, 5 and 6\
Fanny Dufoss\'e9, chap. 11\
Christoph Durr, chap 5 and 6\
Giorgio Lucarelli, chap 12 and 13\
Fabrizio Luccio, chap. 9\
Cl\'e9ment Mommessin, chap. 6 and 9\
Thang Nguyen, chap.10\
Geppino Pucci, chap. 8\
Ramesh Sitaraman, chap. 2\
Abhinav Srivastav, chap. 3\
Jean-Marc Vincent, chap. 2 and 11\
\
\
Don\'92t forget to thank Salah Zrigui for his help on Git. }